Adding an example using the component name (#4891)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/ui_comp_guide/concepts/ui_comp_linking_concept.md

  }
}
```
Here `visible` is the `key`, `${ $.provider }:visibility` is the `value`. The value of the local `visible` property is assigned to the `visibility` property of the `provider` component. The latter is changed automatically if the value of `visible` changes if the local `visible` property is observable (which it isn't given only the code example above).

> If you want to use directly, you can use the destination component name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of setting `exports` directly using the destination component name:
```

```json
{
  "exports": {
   "items": "checkout.sidebar.summary.cart_items:items"
  }
}
```

> This name is created by the hierarchy in the XML handle. Put all parents name together with "." (dot) and, at the end, add the component name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax for the destination component name is determined by the hierarchy in the XML handle. Separate parent names with a "." (dot) followed by the component name.
```

> The syntax for the destination component name is determined by the hierarchy in the XML handle. Separate parent names with a "." (dot) followed by the component name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax for the destination component name is determined by the hierarchy in the XML handle. Separate parent names with a `.` (dot) followed by the component name.
```

{:.bs-callout .bs-callout-info}

> To easily catch the full name, open your browser devtools, select the element that you want on the "Elements" tab, go to the "Console" tab and execute the following code: require('ko').contextFor($0).$data.name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve the full name of the destination component name, open your browser in developer mode, select the element that you want on the **Elements** tab, go to the **Console** tab, and execute the following code: `require('ko').contextFor($0).$data.name`.
```
